--teaching of sakanagi

--shamanism


--There is detailed explaination of the techniques of lucid dreaming in
ancient Onmyoudou texts.

-- kekkai : a spiritual barrier that can be put up by a spell to act as a shield.

--ofuda : small cards with written encantation on them to cast onmyoujitsu spells. they are often called wards.

--sakanagi : side effects from casting a spell that eventually return to the caster. their intensity is directly proportional to the power of the encantation, and can increase according to the type of spell that produces them and whether it has been misused, miscasted, or when they are result of a curse. there are ways of avoiding sakanagi effects, such as sending them onto a kagenie or protecting against them with defensive guard spells.

esp



I took some time out to study the Japanese language so I could also study
Japanese Witchcraft which is called in their language Onmyoudou.

I have read several sources on this practice and it is in every way the
mirror practice of the mechanics of Wicca.

Onmyoudou means Way of Magick And The Universal Source.

"On" basically means vibration as in sound the building material of all
things. It is also the relationship of the patterns in such things as the
stars, seasons, and nature.

"Myou" magick is the understanding of turning ideas into reality.

"Dou" means way, path, science.

The practitioner of Onmyoudou is called an Onmyouji. Onmyouji were popular
with Japanese dynasties who consisted of mostly men in their prime "Ji" who
ascended to the dynastic court by impressing people with their psychic
abilities and the skill in foretelling the future.

Instead of puppets, Onmyouji controlled the "Oni" or spirits through a
series of "hitogata" human shaped paper dolls.

Onmyouji practiced Shamanism. They believed in spirit animals.

Like Runes, Greek, and Orgham used by Wiccans the Onmyouji considered
writing to have magickal properties and Kanji or Chinese script could be
empowered with "myou" or "ki" magickal energy in order to create change.

Onmyouji were Taoists in that they worked with male, female, and uniting
forces and recognized them in nature. This is similar to Wiccan beliefs in
the Goddess and God manifested in everything. Furthermore the harmony of
male and female forces is needed for the practioner to cast spells.

Onmyouji consider the pentagram to be their sacred symbol and the symbol of
their "Dou" or way. This is an arrangement of the 5 elements and the
creative and destructive cycle in nature.

Onmyouji chant as do Wiccans.

Onmyouji are also spiritists in that they work with the dead, a form of
"oni". The onmyouji with ultimate power has the ability to raise the dead
back to life. This is similar to the Wiccan concept of the ancestors.

Onmyouji are believers in reincarnation, and other original indo-European
beliefs channeled through China to Japan.

Onmyouji were politicians and pragmatists. They weren't just the diviners
for the Emperor. They were war strategists, diplomats, and negotiators. They
were economists, mechanics, and educators. Basically the Onmyouji were an
intellectual class in 10th Century Japan.

Onmyouji focused on the art of functionality, simplicity, power, beauty, and
ultimately perfection of life.

Onmyouji though most historical figures were male were also female.

Onmyouji believe in Karma or the Laws of Return. These principals were
recorded as "Sakanagi" or "backlash." What you do will be returned upon you
so have a clear conscience." This is basically the teaching of Sakanagi.

There is detailed explaination of the techniques of lucid dreaming in
ancient Onmyoudou texts.

Onmyouji reached it's popularity in Japan in the 10th Century but has it's
origins in China where Onmyouji is still practiced today.

The popular version of the Kabuki ghost which can be seen in modern movies
such as The Ring has it's mythology originating from Onmyoudou beliefs. The
image in this entertainment is said to contain oni "evil powers" and true
horror in which spirits speak to the living.

This English website consists of many terms used by modern practitoners of
Onmyoudou. 

